Cleanup docs (#87)
ava-labs/teleporter: README.md

- [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation)
- [Python3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## Structure

- `contracts/` is a [Foundry](https://github.com/foundry-rs/foundry) project that includes the implementation of the `TeleporterMessenger` contract and example dApps that demonstrate how to write contracts that interact with Teleporter.
- `abi-bindings/` includes Go ABI bindings for the contracts in `contracts/`.
- `tests/` includes integration tests for the contracts in `contracts/`, written using the [Ginkgo](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/) testing framework
- `utils/` includes Go utility functions for interacting with the contracts in `contracts/`. Included are Golang scripts to derive the expected EVM contract address deployed from a given EOA at a specific nonce, and also construct a transaction to deploy provided byte code to the same address on any EVM chain using [Nick's method](https://yamenmerhi.medium.com/nicks-method-ethereum-keyless-execution-168a6659479c#).
- `subnet-evm/` is the public subnet-evm repository (included as a submodule) checked out on the `warp-contract` branch with our changes.

> - `scripts/` includes bash scripts for interacting with Teleporter in various environments, as well as utility scripts. All the scripts should be run from the root of the repository.

Reviewer: I think are scripts should mostly be able to handle not being run from the root

    - `scripts/local/integration-tests/` includes integration test scripts written in bash. The scripts use `foundry` to deploy smart contracts that use Teleporter, send transactions to interact with the contracts, and check that cross-chain messages have the expected effect on destination chains.
      - *Note* These tests will be deprecated in favor of the end to end tests in `tests/`, written using the [Ginkgo](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/) testing framework
    - `scripts/fuji/` includes scripts to interact with a live Teleporter deployment on Fuji subnets.
      - `scripts/fuji/example-workflows/` includes example workflows that send transactions to interact with Teleporter contracts on Fuji subnets.
- `docker/` includes a containerized setup for running a local setup of Teleporter

## Run the Docker integration tests

- Get all submodules: `git submodule update --init --recursive`
- Install Docker as described in the setup section of the README in the root of this repository.
- If we are using a local version of the `awm-relayer` image, build it using `./scripts/build_local_image.sh` from the root of the `awm-relayer` repository.

> ### Start up the local testnet

Author: I went ahead and implemented this behavior change 🙂 . I don't think we need to explicitly mention it here now.

cast balance --rpc-url http://127.0.0.1:9652/ext/bc/C/rpc 0x333d17d3b42bf7930dbc6e852ca7bcf560a69003
```

> - After calling `./scripts/local/run.sh`, you can directly send messages between the deployed subnets . As an example, `./scripts/integration-tests/basic_send_receive.sh` can be run manually like so:

Author: Thanks for digging into this. I'd actually prefer to keep the commands as is, that shell in the container persists after running `basic_send_receive.sh`, in case the user wants to run other tests or inspect the state of the chains manually. Providing a command via `-c` won't give the user an interactive shell, if I'm not mistaken.

> - After calling `./scripts/local/run.sh`, you can directly send messages between the deployed subnets . As an example, `./scripts/integration-tests/basic_send_receive.sh` can be run manually like so:

Author: Good catch! Corrected now.

- Run `./scripts/local/test.sh` to run the integration tests in Docker containers.
  - `./scripts/local/test.sh` usage is as follows:
  ```
    -t, --test <test_name>            Run a specific test. If empty, runs all tests in the ./scripts/local/integration-tests/
    -t, --test "test1 test2"          Run multiple tests. Test names must be space delimited and enclosed in quotes
    -l, --local-relayer-image <tag>   Use a local AWM Relayer image instead of pulling from dockerhub
    -h, --help                        Print this help message
  ```
  - Note that if `-l, --local` is not set, then the latest published `awm-relayer` image will be pulled from Dockerhub.
- This script performs the same setup steps as `scripts/local/run.sh` (described above), and then runs the tests in `./scripts/integration-tests/` automatically

### Additional notes

- Both the `./scripts/local/run.sh` and `./scripts/local/test.sh` scripts run local five node networks, with each of the nodes validating the primary network and three subnets (Subnet A, Subnet B, and Subnet C).
- Logs from the subnets on one of the five nodes are printed to stdout when run using either script.

> - These logs can also be found at `~/.avalanche-cli/runs/network-runner-root-data_<DATE>_<TIMESTAMP>/node{1,5]/logs/<SUBNET_ID>.log`, or at `/var/lib/docker/overlay2/<CONTAINER_ID>/merged/root/.avalanche-cli/....` on your local machine. You will need to be the root user to access the logs under `/var/lib`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- These logs can also be found at `~/.avalanche-cli/runs/network-runner-root-data_<DATE>_<TIMESTAMP>/node{1,5]/logs/<SUBNET_ID>.log` in the `local_network_run` container, or at `/var/lib/docker/overlay2/<CONTAINER_ID>/merged/root/.avalanche-cli/....` on your local machine. You will need to be the root user to access the logs under `/var/lib`.
```

source .env
```

## E2E tests

> E2E tests are ran as part of CI, but can also be ran locally with the `--local` flag. To run the E2E tests locally, you'll need to install Gingko following the intructions [here](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/#installing-ginkgo)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
E2E tests are run as part of CI, but can also be run locally with the `--local` flag. To run the E2E tests locally, you'll need to install Gingko following the instructions [here](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/#installing-ginkgo)
```
